>> I ASK YOU TO JOIN PRESIDENT
TRUMP AND ME AND THE REST, TO
PUT SOCIALISM ON TRIAL AND
CONVICT IT.
TAX THE RICH, TAX THE WEALTH.
WEALTHY SUCCESSFUL PEOPLE DON'T
PAY THEIR FAIR SHARE.
I'M HEARING THAT AGAIN.
I THOUGHT I PUT THAT TO BED 30
YEARS AGO.
>> Laura: IT'S LIKE FREDDY
KRUEGER.
IT JUST KEEPS COMING BACK.
LARRY KUDLOW NOT ONLY BROUGHT
THE HOUSE DOWN AT CPAC BUT SENT
A WARNING SHOT TO THE DEMOCRATS.
MOCK AS YOU MAY, BUT A NEW POLL
FINDS THAT NEARLY TWO-THIRDS OF
REGISTERED VOTERS BELIEVE THAT
THE DEMOCRATIC PARTY SUPPORT
SOCIALISM.
HERE NOW TO EXPAND ON THAT
MESSAGE, LARRY KUDLOW HIMSELF.
NICE JOB.
>> THANK YOU.
APPRECIATE IT VERY MUCH.
>> Laura: YOU WORKED FOR REAGAN.
I WORKED FOR REAGAN RIGHT OUT OF
COLLEGE.
AND I CAN'T BELIEVE THIS IS HOW
THE DEMOCRATS ARE ANSWERING THIS
BOOMING ECONOMY WITH, LET'S DO
SOCIALISM.
WHY DO THEY DO THIS?
WHY IS THIS THE PATH THEY'RE
TAKING?
>> WELL, THEY'VE BEEN MOVING
LEFT.
IT'S AN ODD STORY, I AGREE WITH
YOU.
YOU THINK THEY MIGHT LEARN FROM
OUR SUCCESS.
I WAS WATCHING A VERY DEAR
FRIEND WHO WAS AN OBAMA
ECONOMIST.
EVEN HE'S DEFENDING THIS STUFF.
IT'S WRONG.
IT'S FUNNY.
AT THE VERY MOMENT WHEN THINGS
WERE TURNING UP THE LAST COUPLE
OF YEARS AND THE NEW SET OF
POLICIES OF TAX CUTS AND
DEREGULATIONS AND OPENING UP
ENERGY, AND 3% GROWTH AND MEN
AND WOMEN BUYING SMALL
BUSINESSES AGAIN, THEY COME
ALONG WITH THIS.
IT'S AN ACT OF DESPERATION.
IT'S NOT GOING TO WORK.
MY MESSAGE IS A SIMPLE ONE.
WE HAVE TO PUT SOCIALISM ON
TRIAL.
WE HAVE TO CHALLENGE IT.
WE HAVE TO REBUT IT.
WE HAVE TO PUT PENCIL TO PAPER
TO SHOW WHAT IT'S GOING TO DO TO
THE ECONOMY.
WE HAVE TO DEAL WITH THE MORAL
DIMENSIONS OF IT.
AND THEN WE MUST CONVICT
SOCIALISM.
AND WE SHOULD NOT WAIT.
DO NOT LET THIS FESTER.
LET'S GET GOING RIGHT NOW AND
LET'S DO IT IN A WAY THAT'S
SERIOUS.
THIS IS A TEACHABLE MOMENT.
THAT IS OUR TASK AHEAD.
IT'S NOT JUST ABOUT THE
ELECTION.
IT'S ABOUT THE WHOLE FUTURE OF
THE COUNTRY.
>> Laura: I WANT TO GET INTO
WHAT I THINK PRESIDENT TRUMP
COULD DO FROM NOW THROUGH THE
2020 ELECTION TO TRY TO CONVINCE
PEOPLE WHO MIGHT NOT KNOW ABOUT
ALL THE WONDERS OF CAPITALISM
ABOUT WHY THEY'RE GOING DOWN THE
WRONG PATH.
I WANT TO TALK ABOUT THAT IN A
MOMENT.
BUT IT WANT TO SHARE SOMETHING
THAT ONE OF YOUR DEAR FRIENDS
SAID TODAY.
HE SAID, A SIGNIFICANT NUMBER OF
VOTERS, INCLUDING A MAJORITY OF
VOTERS UNDER 30, SAY THEY
APPROVE OF SOCIALISM.
WHAT AMERICANS ACTUALLY WANT IS
WHAT THE REST OF THE WORLD CALL
SOCIAL DEMOCRACY, A MARKET
ECONOMY, BUT A STRONG SOCIAL
SAFETY NET.
THEY WANT US TO LOOK LIKE
DENMARK OR NORWAY, NOT
VENEZUELA.
DO YOU CARE TO TAKE THAT ON?
>> I DO, BECAUSE I HEARD THIS IN
THE CAMPAIGN FROM SENATOR
SANDERS A COUPLE OF YEARS AGO.
WHAT'S SO INTERESTING, IF YOU GO
BACK AND LOOK, DENMARK, NORWAY,
SWEDEN, HOLLAND HAVE ALL PULLED
BACK FROM THIS GREAT SOCIAL
DEMOCRACY THEY TALK ABOUT
BECAUSE THEY WEREN'T GROWING.
THEY CUT BACK ON REGULATIONS.
THEY'RE NOW GROWING.
THE COUNTRIES THAT USED TO BE
BEHIND THE IRON CURTAIN, LET'S
TAKE POLAND AS A PERFECT
EXAMPLE, THEY'RE RUNNING
FREE-MARKET ECONOMIES.
ON THE OTHER SIDE, CUBA,
VENEZUELA, IRAN, THEY ARE USING
THE OLD SOVIET-STYLE MODEL.
I'M NOT SUGGESTING THAT ANY OF
THESE DEMOCRATS ARE WANTING TO
CONSCIOUSLY GO BACK TO THE
SOVIET UNION.
THAT'S NOT MY POINT.
MY POINT IS, HOWEVER, WHEN YOU
START TALKING ABOUT A CENTRALLY
PLAN AND CENTRALLY OWNED --
>> Laura: STATE-OWNED
ENTERPRISES.
>> IT COULD BE.
CAN I JUST GET MY TRUMP QUOTE IN
HERE?
SOCIALISM PROMISES PROSPERITY
BUT IT DELIVERS POVERTY.
>> Laura: BUT IT'S WEALTH AND
EQUALITY.
AND IT'S BEING PACKAGED IN THIS
BEAUTIFUL, BEAUTIFUL
PRESENTATION OF FAIRNESS.
IT'S GOING TO BE BACK TO THE WHY
IS IT FAIR THAT HE'S MAKING $598
MILLION.
IT'S BACK TO THAT.
AND IN COLLEGE, AS YOU AND I
KNOW, THEY'RE BEING SPOON-FED
THIS DRIVEL ABOUT SOCIAL
DEMOCRACIES, EVEN THOUGH THEY'RE
BEING WIPED OUT ACROSS EUROPE.
>> TOP 10% PAY 70%.
THE BOTTOM 50% OF TAXPAYERS I
DON'T PAY ANY TAXES.
WHEN YOU LIVE IN A PROSPEROUS
TIME, THOSE ARGUMENTS WILL FAIL
BECAUSE IT'S A POVERTY TRAP.
BUT WE HAVE TO MAKE THAT CASE.
WE HAVE TO SAY, LOOK, YOU WANT
THIS GREEN NEW DEAL, SO THAT
MEANS YOU CAN'T TRAVEL, CAN'T
GET IN A CAR OR AN AIRPLANE.
>> Laura: STORYTELLING IS ALWAYS
PROBLEMATIC FOR PEOPLE NORMALLY
COMFORTABLE WITH CHARTS, DECIMAL
POINTS, A
>> THE TRUTH IS, THE STATE OF
THE TRUMP ECONOMY IS FAILING
AMERICA'S MIDDLE CLASS.
>> WHEN YOU HEAR THE STOCK
MARKET'S DOING GREAT, WALL
STREET'S FINE, MAIN STREET NOT
SO MUCH, THAT'S A VERY SELECT
GROUP WHO ARE BENEFITTING.
>> DESPITE WHAT PRESIDENT TRUMP
SAYS, THIS IS NOT A HOT ECONOMY.
>> LAURA: BACK WITH ME, WHITE
HOUSE ECONOMIC ADVISOR LARRY
KUDLOW.
LARRY, THIS IS LIKE CANDY TO A
BABY.
THIS IS SO EASY, BUT GO AHEAD,
LARRY.
>> WE JUST SCORED 3.1% GROWTH.
THAT IS THE BEST PERFORMANCE IN
13, 15 YEARS.
ON THE ISSUE OF THE RICH AND SO
FORTH, THIS IS A BLUE-COLLAR
RECOVERY.
ACTUALLY, MY PAL HEATHER LONG,
SHE ABSOLUTELY DID IT.
THIS IS A BLUE-COLLAR RECOVERY.
IT'S THE BEST JOB PERFORMANCE IN
THE BLUE COLLARS.
THEY ARE ALSO -- THEIR WAGES ARE
RISING FASTER THAN WHITE-COLLAR
WAGES.
DO NOT TELL ME THIS IS JUST A
RICH PERSON'S ECONOMY.
IT IS ABSOLUTELY NOT.
THIS IS WHAT WE SAW WITH REAGAN
AND CONTINUED IN THE '90S MORE
OR LESS BUT WE HAVEN'T SEEN IN
IT 20 YEARS.
>> Laura: PEOPLE ARE NOW GETTING
THEIR BOATS COMPLETELY REFITTED
TEN YEARS AGO IT WAS TOO
EXPENSIVE.
THIS GUY SAID, IT TRICKLES DOWN
TO ME.
>> PEOPLE WHO HAVE BEEN OUT OF
THE LABOR FORCE ARE COMING BACK.
>> Laura: THEY'RE SELLING SNAKE
OIL.
I'M GOING TO BE HONEST.
IT'S A LIE.
WHAT THEY'RE SAYING IS A LIE.
AND LET'S GO TO THE POINT.
PAUL ON NOVEMBER 9TH, 2016,
PRESIDENT WINS THE ELECTION, HIS
PRESIDENT WINS THE ELECTION, H S
HISTORIC, AND HE PREDICT AS
GLOBAL RECESSION.
N
FAST FORWARD TWO WEEKS AGO, HE'S
BASICALLY SAYING A VERSION OF
THE SAME THING, OVER THE NEXT
TWO YEARS THAT WE'RE GOING TO
DEAL WITH A RECESSION.
IT IS DOOM AND GLOOM.
WE'RE THE HAPPY PARTY NOW.
WE'RE LIKE, WE CAN DO ANYTHING.
THEY ARE THE DOOM AND GLOOMERS,
PERIOD.
>> GROWTH AND PROSPERITY AND
JOBS BRING HAPPINESS.
I THINK THE DEMOCRATS ARE MAKING
A POLITICAL MISTAKE.
THEY'RE DEALING WITH AN
ENVIRONMENT OF RECESSION.
WE'RE NOW MOVING INTO A NEW
ENVIRONMENT OF PROSPERITY.
LOOK, THIS DEBATE, SOCIALISM,
CAPITALISM, THIS IS FREEDOM AND
OPPORTUNITY VERSUS STATISM
>> Laura: AND CONTROL.
>> AND REGULATION AND CONTROL.
GOVERNMENTS DON'T PRODUCE
ANYTHING.
GOVERNMENTS SHOULD BE THERE AS A
SAFETY NET FOR THE POOR.
LET ME MAKE THIS POINT.
GOVERNMENTS DON'T PRODUCE.
WHAT TRUMP HAS DONE, HE HAS
ENDED THE WAR ON SUCCESS, HE HAS
ENDED THE WAR ON BUSINESSES.
HE HAS RESTORED INCENTIVES.
SO, YOU WORK THE EXTRA HOUR, YOU
MAKE THE EXTRA INVESTMENT.
>> Laura: YOU GET TO KEEP IT.
WE STILL HAVE A PROBLEM.
MY IDEA IS THAT THE PRESIDENT
AND A COUPLE OF FRIENDS OF MINE
WERE THINKING ABOUT THIS.
THE PRESIDENT GIVES A SERIES OF
HISTORIC SPEECHES ON THE TENET
OF THIS PRO-GROWTH ECONOMIC
REVIVAL MIRACLE SPEECHES FOR ALL
THOSE YOUNG PEOPLE NOT GETTING
THAT EDUCATION.
>> THIS IS A TEACHABLE MOMENT.
I LOVE THAT BECAUSE I THINK IT
NEEDS TO BE DONE SERIOUSLY.
>> Laura: AND NOT AS A RALLY.
AS A SERIOUS, SERIOUS TALK.
>> IF YOU'RE IN YOUR 20'S AND
YOU'RE NOT A SOCIALIST, YOU HAVE
NO HEART.
IF YOU'RE IN YOUR 30'S AND YOU
HAVE NO CAPITALIST, YOU HAVE NO
MIND.
THESE KIDS ARE MOVING INTO THE
WORKFORCE.
THEY'RE NOT WORKING AND THEY
WILL LEARN ABOUT INCENTIVES AND
REWARD AND OPPORTUNITY AND
FREEDOM.
YOU'RE RIGHT.
THE RESULTS WILL SHOW.
BUT I DON'T WANT TO MAKE IT JUST
ABOUT A POLITICAL ELECTION.
>> Laura: IT'S ABOUT THE
COUNTRY.
THIS IS ABOUT WHAT'S GOOD FOR
THE COUNTRY.
FREEDOM AND PROSPERITY VERSUS
CONTROL AND PICKING YOUR POCKET
TO GIVE MONEY TO OTHERS.
>> LIFE, LIBERTY AND THE PURSUIT
OF HAPPINESS.